This is a bookmarks social application. The purpose of this application is to build an image sharing platform. Users will be able to bookmark any image on the Internet and share it with others. They will also be able to see activity on the platform from the users they follow and like/unlike the images shared by them.

As I followed along the book chapters and the lecture videos, I cam across some challenges that I would like to talk about here. 

The first challenge that I faced was to use Visual Source code for command terminal. I previously installed git-bash on my Windows PC and created and activated virtual environments using git-bash. While trying to activate virtual environment from Visual Source Code, I kept getting an error that says that the term 'source' is not recognized. Visual Source Code uses powershell for command terminal. My prior installation of git-bash may have been in conflict with powershell. But Visual Source Code has a nice folder structure and it's much easier to navigate through the files and making changes through Visual Source Code. Hence I ended up using both Visual Source Code and Git Bash. Used VSC for file navigation and management and Git Bash as the command terminal.

The second challenge was about using code snippets from the book into my own code. At first I was using vi editor on Git Bash to write and edit codes. For using code snippets from the book, I copied from the ebook and pasted those into the vi editor. But that way I started getting errors while running the codes. Then I copied the code snippets from ebook to notepad and transferred the codes from notepad into vi editor. But even then the errors persisted. Then I started using the editor in VSC to paste codes from ebook. I noticed that the pasted codes were not getting properly formatted. So I used the native code formatter in VSC to format the code and then ran the code from Git Bash. That way I could successfully format and execute the code. 

The other lesson learnt is about keeping the virtual environment and the source code separate. This is a valuable lesson to learn, as this way the virtual environment remains unaffected by any changes to the file structure or code environment. I had to delete my folder structure couple of times. Had I installed the virtual environment in the main codebase folder structure, the virtual environment would have got deleted with it. But because of keeping the virtual environment separate, the virtual environment was unaffected by any changes to the coding environment. 